Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
[theme song playing]
[woman singing "99 Luftballons"]
I can imagine you singing
on Eurostar one day.
All those screaming girls
wishing you could sing just for them.
[chuckles softly]
You have such a beautiful voice.
You can't keep it a secret.
Why not? You keep secrets.
I do?
You said I couldn't talk
about the doctor we went to.
That's true.
You mustn't.
Especially to your father.
It's our secret. okay?
Please. Okay.
[grunting]
[beeping]
[singing in German]
[grunts]
Stop teaching my son to sing
like a fucking queer.
Anton. it's for school.
Nobody tells me how to raise my son.
- Don't touch her!
- You love your mother. huh?
You love her more than your father?
You won't love her so much...
when you know our little secret.
You're drunk.
You want to know who your mama is. huh?
- Mama's boy?
- Stop it!
- [groans]
That's my boy!
I knew there was a man in there.
A man like me.
I know what I am.
And I know what that makes you.
And this cunt.
she's more than your mother.
[screams] No!
[laughing]
We have to go.
He'll find us.
[echoing] I'm going to fix...
Fix it.
This time. he's not coming after us.
[grunting]
We're getting out of here.
Wolfgang... it's not worth it.
I'm not worth it.
[Kala distorted] Wolfgang.
Can you hear me?
Wolfgang.
Thank God.
Oh. thank God.
Don't say anything.
They're monitoring everything. Okay?
Just follow me. Follow my voice.
I have you. I have you.
Do you know we have Whispers?
We're going to use him to get you free.
Okay?
Don't.
What?
Because I'm... I'm not worth it.
Wolfgang. you are.
You are.
I know what love is because of you.
I love you. Wolfgang.
And I swear we're going to get you free.
What happened? Was that Wolfgang?
They have him on sedatives
and on blockers
so it was difficult to connect.
but at least
they aren't hurting him anymore.
That's good.
Will said they wouldn't
as long as we have Whispers.
I don't know how much longer
I can wait until the exchange.
I know.
It'll be soon.
But right now.
we need more of the liquid blocker.
Yes. of course.
I'm running low on methatactogen trioxide.
[Riley] Nomi will have to forge
another prescription.
Already on it.
It's cooked.
This should last us through the week.
I don't think we have a week.
We have to go soon.
How was the d'Orsay?
Sadly. it didn't work out.
- So right now. Will is talking to Riley?
- And with Sun. Kala.
Our exchange plan
is based on finding the right location
and disguisable transportation.
and right now we have neither.
Yeah. we go check it out! [chuckles]
And now Capheus.
Capheus? But I thought
he was trying to buy a police van?
[chuckles] Guess what I found?
[chuckles] The van that should work.
- Great.
- A little paint.
It'll be perfect.
Okay.
It's a start.
[clears throat] Will. what just happened?
Capheus found a van.
So. Will just saw through Capheus' eyes?
Sort of. It feels more like you're there
than you're looking through their eyes.
That is so freaking cool!
I don't know if I'll get over it.
It's mind-blowing.
I can feel my ideas of self... expanding.
Sometimes it's not great.
You know we can hear you...
even when you lower your voice.
I didn't mean anything.
- Who's that?
- It's Nomi.
[Riley] Maybe Sans Jour
is the best option?
[Will] You've played there.
They might be expecting it
after Amsterdam.
but we are running out of options.
[beeping]
I need Whisper's shot.
Kala.
[Kala] It's ready.
And...
I'm on my way.
Wait for me.
Is there anything else on Jonas' phone?
Nothing. The only calls he made
were to the Secretary
Peapod. and Just Eat.
We need more on the Secretary.
Right now. he's our only direct line
to the Chairman.
If we had better equipment...
Still no word from Bug?
No. but you know that's Bug.
Actually. it isn't like Bug at all.
but I don't want Neets to know
that I am completely freaking out about it.
BPO doesn't know he exists.
Diego couldn't find
the official documents on him anywhere.
He's like a character
from one of my movies.
No. he's better.
Because he's real.
[Will] We have to stay focused.
We know BPO's going to do
everything they can to stop us.
but as long as we stick to our plan...
Holy shit! Now this is something.
- What?
- Elizabeth.
- Who's Elizabeth?
- Whisper's wife.
I thought BPO moved her
and their daughter to a safe house?
There's no address listed.
But it is good to know
that even people under BPO's protection
follow the same rules as the rest of us.
When they file for divorce.
Morning. Milt.
On the stool.
Look at my wall.
How are you doing today?
I know you don't want
to answer my questions.
You don't have to.
Jonas pretty much told me
everything I need to know.
Ow. Yeah. we were just talking about you
and your wife... Elizabeth.
And Jonas really seemed to think
that she loves you. but...
I don't know.
We were also talking about...
your daughter.
What was her name?
Do you miss her?
A typical father would. but...
you're not typical. are you?
See. I figure when someone
cuts open the skull
of a young girl like Sara Patrell
while she's still alive...
they can't possibly look
at another little girl
and not think about that.
Maybe you can.
As a boy. I was an exceptional student.
I loved reading.
I opened a book and found
secrets and knowledge hidden inside.
When I was a medical student.
I learned how to operate on human beings.
I imagined they had names and lives.
but as far as I was concerned.
they were the same as books...
except I opened them with my knife.
Every moment I remain here
brings me closer to the moment
I will open Ms. Gunnarsdóttir
while she is still alive
so that you can feel
as I slice into her cerebellum...
and cut after cut.
her secrets and knowledge
will spill across my table.
When all that remains of her
and you and your cluster...
are the measurements
and observations in my notebook.
I will go home...
and I will kiss my beautiful wife
and my daughter...
and I will return to my exceptional life.
I wouldn't be so sure about that. Milt.
That beautiful wife of yours?
She just filed for divorce.
There's no going back.
Not for you.
not for me...
not for any of us.
[door opens]
That time again. Jonas.
"The bonds that bind another person
to ourself exist only in our mind."
I wonder if Monsieur Proust was a sensate.
I doubt he was ever handcuffed
to a radiator.
Here you go.
I must compliment you on these blockers.
Really top-shelf stuff.
None of the nausea you get
with regular homemade.
Thank you.
Still don't trust me?
Give us a reason to trust you.
Tell us about the Chairman.
Now that sounds like Will talking.
If he was using you as a watchdog...
You must have talked to him.
I explained he uses a voice modulator.
He wears a bio-mask.
He's quite a paranoid fellow.
- So you say.
- [Nomi] So you say.
- Thing is. we want to trust you. Jonas.
- You helped us once.
What we can't figure out
is why you stopped.
It seems we keep returning
to that moment you and I first met. Will.
in the convenience store.
I asked you to choose between
what you heard and what you felt.
You told me the choice you made
was a mistake.
No. the mistake is thinking
we're back in the same place.
We're not.
You're a prisoner
handcuffed to a radiator.
So I am.
Let's talk about Angelica.
I'm trying to understand
her decision to go to Chicago.
[Nomi] She was there
looking for her first cluster.
[Will] And then she starts working
with Kolovi and Whispers.
And this is the part that bothers me.
She helped build a machine
that uses lobotomized
sensates to murder people.
That does not sound like
the Angelica you described
in the train station.
In the ninth century.
Chinese alchemists were searching
for an elixir to prolong life.
They combined
saltpeter. sulfur. and charcoal...
and gave the world gunpowder.
Ugh.
Come on. Jonas. stop bullshitting.
Angelica.
There is no one in the world
I have known better.
But I never could have imagined
what she would do during her brief life.
She left the cabin
because she loved Raoul.
and somehow she could feel
he was alive in Chicago.
Once she was there...
she wanted to understand
what Kolovi and Whispers were doing.
She needed them to trust her.
Very soon. she realized
she could use their technology
to build a machine to trace
her psycellium connection to her children.
She worked secretly. developing
a graft of neural-morphic ligature
and using the conductivity of psycellium
to send a signal.
Imagine a sonar that emits not sound...
but pain.
[electrical current buzzes]
Pain. Will.
Pain connects us.
Pain binds us better to one another
than anything else.
[electrical current buzzes]
[grunts]
Oh. my baby. I'm so...
[gasps] Milton. Oh...
I...
I thought that you were going
to laugh at me.
I just... didn't really want
to show you until I was certain.
but now I am. I...
Look. It's a breakthrough.
I just followed your research.
[chuckles] Extraordinary.
Extraordinary.
A Chicago cop can understand
that life doesn't always allow us
to be the best version of ourselves.
Particularly when circumstances demand
we lie and betray our friends...
or compels us to handcuff
an ally to a radiator.
Neets?
There you are.
I couldn't sleep.
Are you okay?
Sometimes all this... it's hard.
I mean. we're in Paris. Nom.
That's the Eiffel Tower.
When I was in college. all I thought about
was coming to this city.
I was gonna live in an attic apartment
and work at Shakespeare and Co.
while I wrote my novel.
I had fantasies about falling in love
with a tragically detached French girl
that I would finally break through to
when I kissed her
in front of the tourists up there...
at the top of the Eiffel Tower.
You never told me any of that.
You had your past lives. I had mine too.
I got through some very tough times
thinking about this city.
And now that I'm actually here
with the woman I love...
And the Eiffel Tower is right there.
but we can't enjoy it
because at any moment
something terrible could happen.
[voice breaking] Listen to me.
Amanita Caplan.
When I put this ring on your finger.
I made you a promise.
and I am going to keep that promise.
I'm going to marry you.
I can't believe in a future
where that doesn't happen.
because a future
where we can't enjoy the Eiffel Tower
and kiss in front of the tourists...
is no future at all.
And as impossible as that future
might seem right now.
I will remind you. as you reminded me.
impossibility is still
just a kiss away from reality.
[Amanita] I love you.
[Nomi] I love you.
[thumping]
[grunting]
Again?
[groans]
Actors.
Look. what I'm trying to explain
is that...
this is an important part of his process.
[shouts]
[speaking Swahili] Can you hear me now?
Oh. he will be there.
[in English] You have a signal?
Dani. what did he say? What did he say?
What? Am I fired? Am I fired? Fired?
Is that better?
Yes. I can see you.
I can see you too.
Even pixilated. you are beautiful.
We've all been so worried.
You should be worried.
I am driving the Van Damn. [laughs]
- The rally worked.
- [Shiro] Yes.
The poll numbers are rising.
but the people need to see you.
Mandiba is asking.
"Who is this champion? Why is he hiding?"
Look. I promise.
I will explain everything soon.
This is a problem. okay?
This is a huge problem.
BPO contacted my family.
My father left a very cryptic. very...
confusing e-mail
as if everything was all right.
which my father would never.
given these circumstances.
We knew this could happen.
Nomi can check if it's serious.
Nomi's not doing anything
until Nomi has a fucking cup of coffee.
No. no. no. No. no. no. no. no.
I can't believe this is happening to us.
Why me? What's going on?
You're supposed to be running
a huge election!
You're supposed to get married.
I have the biggest break of my life.
but we're trapped here!
Trapped! We're trapped here!
- Trapped!
- Everybody freeze!
Okay. we all need to take a deep breath.
[all inhale deeply]
[all exhale deeply]
[Will] Okay.
I know we're all trying to hold
onto things that matter to us. but...
Wolfgang needs us.
And this is war.
[beeping]
[Wolfgang] Stop it!
[Anton] You love your mother?
You love her more than your father?
You want to know who your mama is. huh?
Mama's boy?
Stop it!
[Anton] When you know our little secret...
[Sergei] Why Wolfgang?
Why?
You know our little secret...
You always knew.
But still. you did nothing.
My father... was a monster.
And so are you.
This cunt. She's more than your mother.
She...
She's your sister!
[screams]
He married my mother.
She thought he was going to protect us.
One day. he came into my room...
[sniffles]
I tried to run away.
He found me.
He always found me.
We have to go.
He'll find us.
[Wolfgang] I'm going to fix it.
I'll get you out of here.
How can a child be this brave?
Wolfgang. it's not worth it.
I'm not worth it.
Yes. you are.
You are my mom.
[rapid beeping]
[door opens]
[alarm sounds]
[grunts]
Don't shoot! We need him alive!
[Secretary] What is the point of this.
Mr. Bogdanow?
We have arranged an exchange
with your cluster.
There's nowhere to go from here
except home.
[scoffs] I have no home.
No!
You can't do this.
One bullet ends all this shit.
Me and Whispers.
And me.
No!
You can't give up.
Not you.
Not now.
[grunts]
We knew they wanted Whispers.
but last night proved just how badly
they need him.
If I were to guess.
I'd say the zombie program...
Has just one pilot.
Whispers.
But from what we know.
something does not add up.
If I were an evil chairman
offering an assassin-for-hire program.
I'd want more than one pilot.
You'd want a bunch of them.
And you'd want
more than one neural interface thingy.
You'd want enough
so that losing one wouldn't matter.
- Exactly.
- [knock on door]
Dani.
[beeping]
[in French]
You can leave it there. thank you.
Someone has to sign for it.
Bug?
[gasps]
[in English] Angels!
Are we happy to see you!
Oh. my!
- You've multiplied.
- Yeah.
Are these all the voices?
Yeah.
What's up. Born Free?
And you know Lito.
We met in the Castro.
You remembered.
We were worried sick about you.
Sorry.
Typhoon over Bangkok held me up.
You flew to Paris from San Francisco
via Thailand?
You warned me. so I was vigilant.
Took the long way around.
Then I had to chase down some equipment
via a rendez-vous avec Madame Virtuelle.
You speak French as well?
[speaking French] Naturally.
Bug speaks the language of love.
Last time. the language of love
was Spanish.
[computer beeps]
Where's Sun?
There's a report from Seoul.
Just when the Bak Investments story
could not get anymore
like a Hollywood movie.
Minister Tae Park has been arrested
for obstruction of justice.
Tae was under investigation
for his ties to Joong-Ki Bak...
I hate that guy.
But I'm kind of glad
you didn't stick that rebar through him.
...and the shooting
of police detective Mun
during the Bak Gala three weeks ago.
Detective Mun is said to be making
a full recovery from his injury.
Many in the media
are calling the Bak Investments scandal
the story of the decade.
You could call him.
Bug brought a whole box of fresh burners.
[cell phone ringing]
Shit.
Hello. Detective.
Remember me?
Uh...
Yeah. I think so.
You look a lot like this woman
who kicked my ass a couple times.
I was trying to get her to trust me
when I got shot arresting
her scumbag brother.
Thank you.
I think those two words
might have made getting shot worth it.
How are you?
Good.
See?
Already back to work.
You?
Good.
Where are you?
I'm here.
That's all you need to know.
You're not here.
I wish you were.
Are you saying you miss me. Detective Mun?
As a matter of fact. Ms. Bak.
that's exactly what I am saying.
Say it again.
Say what?
Say it.
I miss you
like I've never missed anyone in my life.
Now you.
I miss you.
One more time.
I have to go.
Ms. Bak. Ms. Bak?
I can't.
[cell phone beeps]
I've been staring at this screen so long
even my glasses are sore.
Tell me about it.
- Well. we're getting close.
- We are?
[Will] After Raoul died in the cabin.
Angelica and Whispers
developed the Traceworks
into what is now the drone program.
Sometime around here.
they went to London together
just as Croome cut short
his holiday in Zurich.
Now I'm guessing this was
when Whispers demonstrated
the viability of drone technology
to the people inside BPO.
including the Chairman.
But something happened.
something Jonas won't talk about.
and we know that it's serious
because immediately after that trip.
the first terrorist warrants for Jonas
were issued.
Wow.
How does he do that?
Guys. have you seen Hernando and Dani?
They went with Amanita for croissants.
Croissants?
No. I need protein.
No sugar. no starch.
No more carbs in the house. please.
No more carbs in the house!
I'll eat them all!
Oh. my God.
Will. I am staying calm.
I am definitely not panicking.
but I have just received
a very. very worrying e-mail.
[Capheus] Rajan!
[in Swahili] What are you doing here?
Oh. my God.
[in Hindi] Rajan! What are you doing here?
My love! I had not heard from you.
Why didn't you tell me you were coming?
I sent an e-mail.
I was worried!
These people came asking for you
from some medical organization.
[in English] What organization?
But the name.
I just remember three letters. BP...
- [pounding on door]
- Oh. shit!
Everybody move!
[Riley] Grab your bag. Come on. Quick.
[Will] Come on.
Come on!
[cocks gun]
Time for one of those hard decisions.
Jonas.
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Kala.
Who are these people?
Have you joined some insane cult?
Rajan. if I'm caught by those men.
they will kill me. Come on.
I don't know about you.
I am not good with heights.
Kind of glad we didn't have breakfast yet.
Croissants!
Wha... Did I leave the door open?
Hernando. Dani.
[cell phone rings]
Freeze! Hands in the air!
Ah!
Oh. shit!
Shit? What shit?
Nomi!
Amanita's in trouble.
Family. we're coming!
[Will] Nomi!
Jonas! [grunts]
Hey!
Jonas!
[Jonas] I'm on your side.
Fuck!
Amanita!
[screams]
[man] Get down! Freeze!
[man 2] Freeze!
- Freeze.
- [gunshots]
[man] Freeze! Knees on the floor.
[Lito] Don't shoot.
Oh!
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Oh!
Nom!
Hot damn! I have been waiting to see that!
[both squeal]
Are you okay? I thought we lost you.
[Bug] Shit!
We should secure these men.
clear anything we need.
and get back to the squat.
I'm not going anywhere
until someone tells me
just what in the hell is going on here!
Mm-hmm.
[Kala] Come with me.
I'm not sure what I am supposed to say
if what I've just heard is true.
Rajan.
I know it's not an easy thing. okay?
It took me a long time myself
to accept that...
That you are...
a different type of human being to me.
Yes.
That you are telepathically connected
to seven other people.
Telepathy's not exactly...
Um...
But basically. yes.
And here I thought
I was the one with the big secrets.
I didn't know how to tell you.
Or anyone.
And this was all happening to you
before our wedding?
Yes.
Little wonder you were so confused.
[sighs] Yes.
And in... Positano?
Yes!
So. when this Wolfgang fellow is tortured.
you experience his pain?
That sounds terrible.
Look...
I know this is all a shock
and that it might be best for you
to take some time away and just...
But you are in danger now. Kala.
So you believe me?
Would you. could you concoct
a lie of this extraordinary magnitude?
No.
Are you and all of these people out there
medically insane?
I don't think so.
So what other choice do I have?
I came rushing to Paris
for the same reason I married you.
I love you. Kala.
And that feeling hasn't gone away
or been changed
by learning that the woman I love...
is so much more than the woman I married.
My God. Rajan.
I married a good man.
Sans Jour is down there.
next to the river.
It's close to the metro.
That's good for us.
Georges said there's
a back entrance we could use
and they could bring in extra security.
These club owners
are really into you. aren't they?
[speaking French] Oh. here she is.
Oh. how I've missed you.
As beautiful as ever.
[speaks French] My sweetheart.
This is Will.
the one I told you about.
My rival. Very well.
Shall we say pistols at dawn?
English only. I imagine.
[in French] French if you prefer.
- And pistols suit me just fucking fine.
- Hmm...
I like him already.
Come.
- You know French?
- No. but you do.
I have a certain understanding
with the local police.
It's not the local police
we're worried about.
Oh. Vincent told me these men
threatened to close his club down.
We've had many kinds of people
threaten us in Paris...
attack us and our way of life.
Our answer has been
and will always be the same.
Vive la résistance.
Or like you say in English. "Fuck off."
- [speaking indistinctly]
- Give me that.
If Will is right and Angelica and Whispers
came to London together...
whatever happened there
could explain the rift
that shunted Kolovi out of the picture.
Right.
[beeping]
Blocker time.
Right. Just a moment.
let me get the shot ready.
You were right.
Georges is one of a kind.
So how close were you two?
You know... close.
Okay. my bad cop feeling about this
is buzzing.
What?
Someone's following us.
Shit.
- Do you have your phone?
- No.
Let's go.
Ringing.
It just keeps ringing.
[sighs] Nothing.
[stammers] You can't visit?
They're on blockers.
What about Capheus?
[upbeat electronic music playing]
[gasps]
What's up?
We have a problem.
You're nowhere near the squat.
- I could drive.
- You'll be too late.
Whispers will be off the blockers
if he isn't already.
This is not like Will. Something's wrong.
[Nomi] Very wrong.
In 10 minutes.
Whispers will be able to visit
with anyone he's connected to.
And if he knows about where we are...
I'll go.
What?
No. No way.
We talked about it. He already knows me.
I can do the shot.
I just need someone to watch my back.
Anyone know how to use this thing?
- [chuckles]
- [Capheus speaks Swahili]
Joaquin.
My tía always said that
even assholes are useful
for shitting and fucking.
Oh. Ms. Caplan.
Come to play doctors and nurses?
Is it easy for you
to sound like a creepy villain
or is it something you have to work at?
On the stool. Eyes to the wall.
You know the routine.
[chuckles]
And who's the sidekick's sidekick?
Too afraid to show your Latina face?
[Whispers]
Aren't there more convivial ways
for two pretty ladies
to occupy their time in gay Paris?
Oh. you don't have to say anything.
Your desire for shopping is palpable.
[Whispers grunts]
Oh. did that hurt?
[Whispers sighs]
An engagement ring. Ms. Caplan? [chuckles]
Given your recent failed marriage.
I'll pass on whatever sage wisdom
you were considering sharing.
[Whispers] Yes.
Well in due time. you too will discover
the unbridgeable differences
between our species.
It's the smallness of your kind.
the limits of the sapien mind
that attracts my kind.
It's akin to the way humans
like to keep their pets.
Sooner rather than later.
Ms. Marks will discover
that being married to you
is no different from being married
to a Labrador bitch.
[Amanita grunts]
I never forget a face.
I see you too.
Ah!
[Whispers grunts]
Tricky.
And I know your kind.
Men that mistake cruelty for strength.
Living your petty little lives.
so limited.
We both know
that if I were to pull this trigger.
not a single person would shed a tear.
The smallness of your kind of life
is nothing to fear...
only to pity.
[gate creaks]
Okay. that rocked!
It was Bodhi.
From the plane?
I thought she said it was pointless
to try to change the world.
That you can only change yourself.
Apparently her rules have changed.
[Hoy. panting] She's not the only one
changing the way...
the game is played.
Mr. Hoy!
- What's happening?
- A purge!
As you can see. the trap snaps shut.
Come on now. Ms. Blue.
before they hang. draw. and quarter me.
I've got two ladies who want words.
You may recall your fellow countrywoman.
Yrsa?
You're still alive!
I am. Riley.
For now.
Kala. what's happening?
Riley's visiting Mr. Hoy.
But she's here.
Been there.
I've been in hiding since I fled Iceland.
BPO knows that I feigned
a heart attack to bring the ambulance.
It was you.
You saved my life.
If you want to thank me.
listen to the woman
who urged me to help you.
Riley. I'm a sapien. so I can't see you.
My name is River El-Saadawi.
You may have heard of my mother.
Of course.
I lead the faction inside BPO
still fighting to return
to the original principles
as envisioned by my mother and Mr. Hoy.
Those days are long gone.
and I'm afeard I'm right behind them.
Hoy.
[in Cantonese] They're attacking
our people in Manchuria.
[in English]
Evacuate whoever's left to Jeju Island.
Godspeed. Admiral.
You too. Speaker.
Mr. Hoy. the Queen of Naples
is behind this purge.
The mendacious minx
will be coming for you next. Sutra.
Let us help you.
Oh. you can help me. Ms. Blue.
by keeping your word
and paying your debt to the Archipelago.
- How?
- By doing what River asks you to do!
I was hoping
to have this conversation in person.
I didn't think the situation
could get any more dire
after Richard Croome's assassination.
but I obviously underestimated
our chairman's ruthlessness.
Like you. we are now being hunted.
and imprisoned or worse.
Our only hope is if...
If what?
You must kill Whispers.
By killing him.
you kill the drone program
and cripple the Chairman's hold
over the BPO.
I know what it will cost you.
but this is war.
What? What's going on?
It's some kind of organized attack.
BPO has found Hoy.
Ms. El-Saadawi believes
that their only hope...
is if we kill Whispers.
But then they will kill Wolfgang.
I'm sorry.
We had to try.
Take your blocker. dear.
Exposure is dangerous.
Riley. I pray that one day
we'll somehow emerge from this darkness.
Thank you.
This is it.
This is the end.
Goodbye. Mr. Hoy.
Goodbye.
Where are you going?
[panting]
I've... I've nowhere left to run.
You may wish to look away.
Don't give up. Please.
Bless you. lassie.
but I'm the Speaker of the Archipelago.
I can't let BPO get hold of me.
Don't say that. I got you into this.
If we hadn't met in Amsterdam.
you'd still be...
Cowering in my coffin.
living like a hunted rat?
Aye. I would. Ms. Blue.
But if I died there.
I'd die soused in regret.
If I die here...
[Kirsty] That's it.
Let's nip in the bud
all this nonsense about dying.
- Aunt Kirsty?
- Mrs. Stromness?
How did you get here?
By taxi. you great numpty.
What? But... you shouldn't be here!
It's not safe.
Well. it's a great deal safer now
since I chucked
the bullets out the window.
What have you done?
Look...
I promised Angus I'd mind you.
So take a blocker.
If we're arrested.
it will buy you a period of grace.
You... You knew?
About Homo sensorium?
I was Angus' wife for 40 years.
You can't love someone like I loved Angus
and not know a thing like that.
Take your medicine.
Don't worry about me. I'll be fine.
- [man 1] Go! Go!
- [man 2] Clear!
[man 3] Freeze!
- What happened?
- Did Hoy survive?
I don't know.
The connection was broken.
Now he's gone.
[beeping]
You're supposed to say trick or treat.
[Chairman]
Cluster zero eight zero eight. Code FH.
F for feral. H for hostile.
And CH is for Chairman.
And also chickenshit.
I'm no more afraid of you
than a doctor fears illness.
Then take off your mask.
[Chairman] Anonymity is
a regrettable necessity of this war.
But when at last it is over.
I imagine my efforts
may well remain uncredited.
which is as it should be.
My work is its own reward.
Don't worry.
I'm going to make sure
you get everything you are due.
[Chairman] For millennia.
my kind have subjugated yours.
Do you know why?
Certainty.
There is only one voice
telling me what to do.
You?
You grabbed a gun
and you had the opportunity
to destroy all my efforts.
but you failed.
Your kind suffer
from too many conflicting thoughts.
too many clamoring voices
inside your skulls.
Fortunately. I know
a single. simple cure to shut them all up.
Come on.
Pull that fucking trigger.
You chicken-fucking shit! Come on!
Show me your certainty!
You cockless fuck. do it!
- [scoffs]
- You will leave us in the morning.
I await your swift and certain return.
You and me both.
Communication is crucial.
In The Devil Died at Dawn.
there was a hostage exchange at a club.
- It was a bullfighting stadium.
- Was it?
Oh. yeah. and the bull gored you...
Guys?
Sorry.
The blocker should have metabolized
by now.
Wolfgang!
Are you all right?
Hello. sexy.
No!
I told you our fates were connected.
[Secretary] Uh. uh. uh. uh. uh.
What is she doing here?
Your cluster wanted
to make sure you were undamaged
and we want the same thing.
Ms. Facchini is the only sensate
connected to both you and Milton.
Lucky me.
Ready to come home. Milton?
In order to execute the exchange.
one of us is going to have
to make contact with Lila.
Since I'm already connected to Whispers.
it just makes sense that it would be me.
BPO will lock the area down
straight after the exchange.
We've been monitoring local police
and BPO isn't involving them
beyond the standard terror alerts.
We think we can use that to our advantage.
Who looks more
like a terrorist organization than BPO?
[in French] Officers!
Officers!
- Please.
- Yes. sir?
Brave chiefs of the law.
I'm listening. sir.
There is a threat right behind me.
Excuse me?
- Terrorists.
- Terrorists?
They are going to attack!
Protect the people!
- Don't joke.
- Protect the people!
- Let's go!
- Watch out!
- [siren blares]
- [tires squeal]
- Watch out! Watch out!
[officer in English] Get out of the car!
[officer speaking French] Freeze!
[in French] Get out of the car!
Hands up!
In view of our apartment evacuation.
we've relocated logistic support
to a mobile response vehicle.
I can't believe I'm actually
in one of those planning scenes.
- [Nomi] Bug.
- Sorry.
It's my pleasure
to report the Bugmobile
is nearly operational.
We told you we needed it now.
Did I say "nearly"?
I meant totally. absolutely ready to roll.
I mean...
Yeah. that's it.
- Bug!
- [Bug grunts]
Shit!
I mean. merde!
So once we've set the time and place.
we need as many eyes
on Sans Jour as possible.
The metal detectors will help.
but we should assume
they won't play by the rules.
BPO will send every cop or agent they have
as soon as they have the exchange point.
Hello.
Buy me a drink?
Sorry. honey.
Gay?
We wish.
Two at the bar are cops. Definitely cops.
Got it.
[Will] Capheus will drop us here.
We are here.
[Georges] Ready.
I scouted the exit.
The van's almost ready.
Do you think we have
any chance of surviving this?
I did not think I would survive prison.
I did not think
I would survive the Bak Gala.
And the truth is...
I did not.
We did.
Yeah. I have
a good feeling about this too.
[imitates explosion sound]
Spirit of Jean-Claude.
We have control
of street security cameras.
We're waiting to hear about ones
in the club.
Georges sent the codes.
You should be able to log on.
Checking them now.
[Nomi] There's Wolfgang.
We got Lila entering the club.
Once we have Wolfgang. we get out
and make our separate ways
to the rendezvous.
In order to evacuate the club
without causing any panic or stampede.
I thought of smoke pots.
which we use at festivals.
By adding a few spices. I was able
to make the smell quite intense.
which I think will cause people...
[all coughing]
[sighs] So that proves that...
[coughs]
Okay. This is it.
[electronic music playing]
♪ There is no white light ♪
♪ There is no light ♪
♪ I'm calling for you too... ♪
[Kala] Do you see that woman?
Keep us close to her.
[Riley] Will!
It's Bodhi!
[screams]
- [Wolfgang] What's happening?
- I lost Whispers!
[Nomi] They lost him.
Fuck!
[grunts]
♪ There is no light... ♪
I got him.
Sorry. lover. This is goodbye.
- [Rajan] She's pointing a gun!
- [Kala] No!
[gunshot]
Start the exit.
Everybody out of the pool.
Dani. Hernando. drop the pots.
[coughing]
Everyone better get out of there.
Where is Kala?
I don't know.
Lito. Dani. and Hernando have her.
They're heading for the metro.
Come on. let's go! Come on!
- Make the change.
- Right.
Ah. Ms. Facchini.
[siren blaring]
Milton... at last.
Exit here and go right.
[man] Hold it.
- Is everyone out?
- So far.
I've got Lito. Hernando. Dani. and Kala.
- Were you scared?
- It was frightening like a movie. yes.
But it was real.
which made it in a certain way...
It was the most freaking amazing
experience of my life!
[Kala] What about Wolfgang?
[Wolfgang] I'm good.
Where's Rajan?
He's with me.
I'll meet you at the rendezvous.
All right.
Go on.
Wait. What about Sun?
[man] Hey you! Stop!
[men yelling indistinctly]
[man 2] Get on the ground!
Hands on your head.
- [man 3] Hands on your head!
- [man 4] Get down!
[man 5] On your knees! Don't move!
Get her down.
We'll bring her with the others.
[Mun in Korean] Excuse me. officers.
But I have a warrant for that woman
right there.
[officer in English] I don't know
who you are or what language that is.
but you need to turn around and walk away.
[Mun in Korean]
Sorry. she's coming with me.
[officer in English] I said. fuck off!
[grunts]
[chuckles softly]
Bonsoir. Ms. Bak.
What are you doing here?
Had some vacation days saved up.
Never been to Paris.
I've heard people fall in love here
all the time.
Be serious. How did you find me?
In my 13 years on the force.
I never committed a felony.
But regrettably. that is no longer true.
I illegally used
a satellite tracking system
to find someone
who was no longer wanted by the police
but who happened to call me...
with this phone.
I'll have to report you.
Of course.
Are you going to tell me why
you went to all this trouble. Detective?
I'm not really good with words. Ms. Bak.
Would you mind if I showed you instead?
Okay... I found Sun.
She's good. Like. really good.
How...
I told her to throw that phone away.
Those things are so easy to track.
Didn't she know that?
I did. so technically...
Hey. come on. What about Lila?
Right. Lila.
They're just leaving
the 11th arrondissement.
I need a meeting
with the Chairman immediately.
I want to personally head the task force
that hunts these animals down.
And will someone get these things off me?
In a moment. darling.
[siren blaring]
That's her.
Is that our siren?
That's not us.
Something's wrong.
Driver. what's happening?
[grunts]
It was Lila.
She set us up.
Now what?
[Nomi] Rajan. This place is amazing.
[Rajan] Yeah. My friend. Jean-Pierre.
has owned it for years.
They'll be here soon.
[pouring wine]
Rajan... most men wouldn't have done
what you did for me.
I did what I could.
I'll never forget it.
[car approaching]
[Wolfgang] Here they come.
Oh. Ganesha.
What do I do here?
What rules do I follow?
[clears throat]
If I may?
Since you can. in fact. be in more
than two places at the same time.
defying several laws of physics.
I would suggest that...
there are no rules.
Rajan. you are so much more
than the man I thought I married.
[laughter and chatter]
Yeah. definitely.
Guys. how about some bubbly?
[all cheer]
One. two. three!
[cheering]
Have you ever tried it yet?
To my friend Jean-Pierre!
[all cheer]
Wait. I want to say something.
[clears throat]
I have lived much of my life
with one friend.
with my one brother.
And I never knew what it was like to...
have people in your life
that would fight for someone like me.
Thank you.
You big German lug.
- We love you!
- Thank you.
[all] Aw.
- Cheers.
- [all] Cheers.
[all laughing]
Even after everything
we've been through...
would any of us go back
to the world we're used to?
Even if that world included Milton Brandt.
[gasps]
Bodhi.
She's back?
She's not here. but she's in your head?
I'm confused.
We've never met. but I can see you.
Me too.
There are things I can explain
and things I cannot.
But before I begin.
you must accept the Mother's invitation.
Who is the Mother?
I am.
Welcome.
This is the Lacuna.
You have questions.
Actually. yes.
Um. to begin with. "Lacuna"?
A temple. a college. a discipline.
or what precisely?
A home.
The Lacuna exists
between that which is theirs or ours.
and the sensates who live here
curate a unique corpus of knowledge
passed down centuries.
We are in the world. but not of the world.
You seem pretty of this world
when you sent her
to follow us and kill Brandt.
One day. I believe. Bodhi will sit here.
Mother of a future Lacuna.
It is both a worry and a source of hope
that she retains
a certain independence of mind.
Brandt must be destroyed.
You think Brandt is working with sapiens.
But we here in the Lacuna
know his true goal.
You mean the drone assassin program.
No. Brandt is manipulating BPO.
For what?
I am a trinity of mothers.
I gave birth long ago to a girl
who lived to be a mother herself.
I am the Mother of the Lacuna.
And I am the mother of my own cluster.
Only one of my eight remains.
He has many names.
but his original one is Milton Brandt.
You're Whisper's mother?
I was not then who I am now.
What mother could be unchanged
by the murder of her seven children
by the eighth?
I felt each one...
their anguish...
their terror...
Their deaths.
I tried to stop him.
Failed.
It was unbearable.
I fled from my life...
from myself...
from the world...
until I came here.
The Lacuna strikes me as very powerful.
Why wait until now to try to stop him?
Clustercide wreaks a terrible price.
My son experienced his cluster's deaths
both as murderer and murdered.
A dread of dying has poisoned his soul.
But what does that have to do
with the drone program?
The zombies.
If Whispers could inhabit them
with his consciousness intact...
And if he had enough of them...
Then he could live forever.
The Lacuna prizes its neutrality.
but Bodhi argued...
That neutrality.
in the face of such evil. is complicity.
[Mother] Her view prevailed.
And the Lacuna resolved to intervene.
Can you help us find Whispers?
Mothers and children retain a connection.
There is an umbilical cord
that remains uncut...
until death.
[train whistle]
I'm still surprised you agreed to help us.
At this point. Ms. Bak.
you'll have a hard time getting rid of me.
["24.000 Baci" playing]
[Bug singing along to "24.000 Baci"]
Don't tell me you speak Italian as well.
Ma certo.
Another language of love?
For the Bug. love has no nationality.
Can you believe yesterday
I thought the worst thing in my life
was being subpoenaed
for a corruption trial.
and today I am heading to Naples
to stop a nefarious organization
from using a secret human species.
which my wife is a member of.
as suicide assassins.
What was that. Rajan?
I said... things change so fast.
Yeah. So fast!
Like driving on clouds. yeah?
Yeah. like driving on clouds.
["I Feel You" playing]
♪ I feel you ♪
You can hear her music?
If I want to.
♪ I feel you ♪
♪ Within my mind ♪
♪ You take me there ♪
♪ You take me where the kingdom comes ♪
Love that song.
♪ You take me to and lead me through ♪
- Hey. Turn this up.
- ♪ Babylon ♪
♪ This is the morning of our love ♪
♪ I feel you ♪
♪ Your heart. it sings ♪
♪ The joy it brings ♪
♪ Where heaven waits
those golden gates ♪
♪ And back again ♪
♪ You take me to
and lead me through oblivion ♪
♪ This is the morning of our love ♪
♪ This is the dawning of our love ♪
[music plays on headphones]
[music plays full blast]
What?
No.
Oh. my God! [laughs]
Oh. my God! I can't believe you're here
and not in lots of little pieces.
Wolfie. I was worried this time.
- Glad to see you too. brother.
- Yeah.
[chuckles] My brother. Felix!
[speaks Swahili]
This is Capheus.
Okay.
And you must be India Plan.
Um. I'm Kala. It's nice to finally meet.
Yeah. Good to meet you.
- And I'm Rajan.
- Hey.
My husband.
It's complicated.
Well. let me show you
something that's not complicated.
Compliments from Sebastian Fuchs.
Herr Fuchs is a firm believer
in the moral necessity of revenge
and he hopes his gifts will be
useful to you against.
and I'm quoting. "the Neapolitan bitch."
He included your favorite toy.
For old time's sake.
[Capheus chuckles]
No.
[Capheus and Felix laugh]
[announcer speaking Italian]
What did he say?
Naples. The end of the line.
Of course.
Let me guess. this is your "it's hopeless.
Will. turn back now" speech?
I know you won't listen to me.
but if I don't say this to you.
I will regret it.
We talked once of secrets.
How their world
is built of and on secrets.
One way to survive
inside that kind of world
is to become a secret yourself.
What secret?
The same secret I have kept
and I must continue to keep
even as I ask you
to stay away from Naples.
Nice try. Jonas.
But after watching you sip cocktails
while we were being tortured.
our confidence in your ability
to finish this fight
is not particularly high.
[Lila] Mr. Gorski.
The man everyone underestimates.
And Wolfgang. the man everybody wants.
Welcome to my home.
I can tell you're going
to keep me up at night. aren't you?
Missed you. sexy.
I don't associate happy thoughts
with murder.
but I think I'm going to enjoy
killing you.
You were a lot more fun when we first met.
How about you. Officer?
Are you any fun?
Me?
I'm the life of the party.
especially when Camorra queens
help shadow governments
hunt down and lobotomize
people I care about.
Difficult times. difficult choices.
BPO is like any government.
To deal with them.
you have to speak their language:
force.
I told you this cluster would not go away.
They are too late.
[Lila] But I'm pleased you came
to my city.
You will witness
a turning point in our struggle.
I told you I was going
to build a sanctuary. Wolfgang.
And what better place than my Napoli?
Here. memories live beside history.
history beside memories.
Right there is where I had my first kiss.
And just ahead is the square
where Masaniello. a common fisherman.
stood up to the Spanish Empire
and ignited a revolution
that created
the first Neapolitan Republic.
Fuck that.
You're not a revolutionary.
Just another collaborator.
Stay back.
I can take him.
Not now. There is too much at stake.
This city has existed
for thousands of years.
Empires and armies came and went.
and our home still stands.
Someone will survive this war.
That someone will be me.
[Capheus chuckles]
[Rajan] Let's dig in. Dig in.
[Felix] Mm.
Oh. my God.
[all] Mm.
If I had to choose a final meal.
it would be pizza!
[chuckles]
I spent a while here.
laying in a hospital bed
and I have never eaten so well.
I was in a hospital too!
Terrible food. man.
What happened to you?
It's probably the funniest honeymoon story
you've ever heard.
Rajan. right now is probably
not the right time to tell them.
Oh. my God. we're in Naples.
This is amazing!
[Diego] Yo! International Most Wanted!
Diego!
What's up. Iceland?
Good to see you.
You made it.
Of course I did.
because if I asked you to aid and abet
who knows what felonies
in foreign jurisdictions.
I'm sure you'd drop everything
and race to the airport too.
So. who is. you know. human here?
[speaking Italian]
Hello. bowling ball.
- It's Puck.
- How did he know we'd be here?
Hello. princess. Did you miss me?
Oh. my God.
What?
Puck!
Let's go.
The Archipelago told us you were coming.
Is Mr. Hoy still alive?
I don't know.
If he is. he's on blockers.
Come on. let's go.
Oh. this vongole.
Mm.
Not like the tourist shit
across the street.
Mm. Mm.
Ándale. Let's go. Vamos.
Again with the hair?
Puck. it's creepy.
What?
I don't know what you are talking about.
So. we've had our eyes
on Facchini for years.
She's part of the Palugio family.
She spent time abroad
as a gun for hire in Europe
and as a sniffer for BPO.
But she always remained close
to her people here.
This is Alphonse. And Sutra.
We hunt collaborators.
And Lila Facchini's cluster
is one of the worst.
We've been monitoring
Ms. Facchini's network.
Yeah. we think she may have
smuggled the Cannibal
into the Palugio rione.
But our problem is where.
There are several palazzos
from which they run their business.
It's that one.
The Forcella? How do you know that?
A reliable source.
The Forcella won't be easy.
[Puck] Let's be very clear.
The Forcella is impossible.
Why is that?
The gate is off Via Becchino.
Yeah. And it's guarded. Twenty-four seven.
Even the polizia come by invitation only.
And if they don't invite you?
Camorra baptism.
That doesn't sound good.
A shower of bullets at point-blank range.
Huh. Definitely not good.
[Hernando clears throat]
Uh...
I'm sorry.
First. I have to admit
that the closest I've come
to executing a military strategy
was gaining tenure at my university.
but it seems that what this plan needs...
is a Trojan horse.
Uh. I'm not really sure
how that's going to help us. mate.
but... a couple of Trojans right here.
No. No. that wasn't
quite what I had in mind.
[Hernando] It was. uh.
close to this very spot
that the great poet Virgil
allegedly wrote
part of his epic poem The Aeneid.
which depending on whether
you are from Italy or Greece.
is a masterpiece or a knockoff.
Tourists. They're like fucking rats.
Of course. you all know that Virgil wrote.
"Amor vincit omnia!"
"Love conquers all things."
[whistles. speaks Italian]
- [man] Hey!
- Oh!
He also wrote the descent
into Hell is easy.
but maybe I think I'll skip that part.
[overlapping yelling]
Oh. oh. oh!
Okay. okay...
[man] Stop the bus.
Stop the bus.
Stop it. Stop it.
[laughing]
Okay. phase one.
The horse is inside.
[Hernando]
We have come in search of Virgil.
No. no. no. No. Virgil!
[overlapping chatter]
Isn't it incredible to breathe the air
that Virgil once breathed?
Is this Italian leather?
A little bit close. Close. My wife.
We're just fine.
We have to be careful.
This is when they'll be suspicious.
We're watching.
Get back on that fucking bus!
- Now!
- Go. Go. go. go. go.
[overlapping chatter]
[engine sputtering]
Phase two.
Operation Gas...
And oil.
Sorry. Sorry. Okay.
Wait. please. I'm going for the hood.
For the hood.
Please. Please. Okay?
[coughs]
Okay. wait. Okay. it's an oil problem.
Okay.
[Kala] I can... [speaking Hindi]
[in English] You should have said that
from the start!
[Kala] Just open and then...
Okay. Now we try.
Now we try. okay? No problem. Yeah.
Okay.
I have a good feeling about it this time.
Okay. let me turn the key.
Okay.
[engine sputtering]
[Capheus] Okay.
Everyone off the bus!
Off the bus!
[cell phone rings]
[Maitake] They're here.
Keep them away from Milton.
I'm on my way.
[gunfire]
We're coming out!
Ready.
- Phase three.
- Extraction!
[both screaming]
- Just keep thinking... Eiffel Tower!
- Eiffel Tower!
You know anything about guns?
I don't. but you do.
Let's go!
[grunts]
[Wolfgang] Let's go!
I could do this every day with you.
Ms. Bak.
[Kala] Hurry up!
This staircase leads to the top floor.
Got it.
Was that Nomi? What's happening?
Didn't you listen to the plan?
We don't know where exactly
they're holding Whispers.
- We're all covering different sections.
- Yeah. but what if...
My wife...
You're a killer!
I'm sorry.
Can you teach me?
[chuckles]
Okay. first. this isn't a real gun.
It's a Taser.
- This is a gun.
- All right.
- Here's the safety.
Do not point unless you're sure
about the target. okay?
[gunshots]
Oh. shit this is serious!
[man yells]
You all right?
[Diego] Goddamn it. Gorski.
You know I should be
in fucking Pensacola. right?
Come on. let's go!
[Felix] Not again!
Come! Come! Come! Come!
Will you get him to Bug?
I'll go this way.
All right.
Come. Come. [grunts]
Why do I always have to get shot?
Sorry. man.
[groans]
What?
[Mun groans]
Joong-Ki.
Just when I was starting
to forget about him.
Lila's entering the palazzo.
Goddamn it. We need to clear this floor.
He's got to be upstairs.
Okay.
He's secure.
Good.
[whispers] It's her.
Listen. Shh. Go around.
Okay.
[Lila] Time to go. Milton.
[gasps]
[groans]
- [grunts]
- Ah!
[panting]
- What the fuck?
- Ah!
[Mun] Ms. Bak. what is it?
Look at me. Tell me.
[Wolfgang] Kala.
Kala. I love you.
[weeping]
Please.
Kala.
Kala! Kala.
My love. My love.
[Kala] Well.
is anyone gonna do anything?
Or are you going
to just let me die in your arms?
You're alive.
- She's alive?
- She's alive!
But I won't be
if you don't do something quickly.
What do I do?
Save my life.
First. lay me down
and stop the bleeding.
[Rajan] Oh. my love!
- Press it. Press that on her wound.
- Oh. God.
Press it hard.
- Harder! I'm not that fragile.
- Harder!
Harder. [grunts]
I don't seem to have ruptured
any major artery.
But I've lost blood.
She doesn't think
a major artery is ruptured.
What now?
Compression to keep my blood circulating.
We should keep her blood moving.
All right. Okay.
And oxygen to protect my brain.
She needs oxygen.
Her heart. it's not beating!
It's not beating.
Kala.
I hear you.
Don't leave me. Stay with me.
Please! Don't stop.
Stay with me.
You said I couldn't give up.
You can't either.
Stay with me.
Wolfgang! How about this?
All right.
[gasps]
[Rajan] My wife. Kala.
Oh. God. Oh. God.
To think. I might never have kissed
these lips again.
- My husband.
- My wife.
You're a genius.
My love. now what do we do?
- Take her to the hospital!
- Yeah. Yeah.
No. no. We have to get Lila.
Lila's gone.
We don't know
where she's gonna meet the Chairman.
It could be anywhere.
Or it could be at a heliport
where they just cleared a BPO helicopter
for an emergency landing.
I got him.
You go.
[keyboard clacking]
The helicopter is on approach.
Shit.
Hang on. hang on.
There's major military support.
Please. Jonas! Not now!
Unintentional. believe me.
But I promise this will be the last time.
"We are healed of suffering
only by experiencing it to the full."
I wonder if Monsieur Proust was ever shot.
- What happened?
- [gunshots]
Jonas. what are you doing?
Keeping my word.
Promise me.
You have to promise me.
So here we are. The end.
No more secrets. no more lies.
After Raoul was killed.
we learned Milton was going
to meet with the Chairman
to demonstrate
the viability of the drone program.
Angelica had a plan.
She smuggled two of our cluster
into the facility.
Secrecy was essential.
But Harry...
Poor Harry.
This isn't how we planned it.
I'm not you. Angelica.
I know.
[Harry] It wasn't my idea.
You have to warn everybody.
Harry. what's going on?
[man] Halt! Stop!
[beeping]
Angelica. It was her.
She tried to kill the Chairman.
[Jonas] This is the secret
I couldn't talk about.
The psycranium.
Angelica tuned it to the psychic ligature
of Whisper's brain.
He believed he alone
had the power to control the drones.
He was wrong.
This was her prototype.
We kept it as insurance.
Our secret.
[helicopter whirring]
[Chairman] I respect
what you have done. Ms. Facchini.
but if you betray me again.
I will destroy you.
I'm already on blockers. thank you.
[Chairman] And you have lied to me before.
[Chairman] All right. Ms. Facchini.
Give me Dr. Brandt
and you can have your rione.
First I need the one thing I know
will ensure your ongoing cooperation.
[Chairman] My identity.
As we agreed. Mr. Chairman.
Oh. yes.
Your kind did this to me.
And one day...
Jonas. what just happened?
My love.
You did it.
I will always...
Be here.
- Goodbye. Will.
- Jonas.
Jonas!
Fuck!
What just happened?
I don't know.
but I have a request from the pilot.
[Nomi] Shit!
We can scramble the air traffic clearance.
but it will only give us a minute.
That's all we need.
[Will grunts]
Come on. Milton.
Or do you want me
to leave you for Officer Gorski?
Shit!
They're getting away.
Like hell they are.
[overlapping chatter]
- Mr. Hoy. You're alive!
- [both laugh]
Barely. Ms. Blue.
I was just explaining to River
how Mrs. Stromness thundered
through that room
laying waste to all those BPO platoons.
Aunt Kirsty?
[Hoy] Aye. Ms. Blue.
If it was a film...
I wouldn't have believed it.
So. how's your gunshot?
Oh. I'm feeling much better. Thank you.
We actually have
a really good doctor in Italy.
Yeah. He's practically family.
- Buongiorno. my friends.
- Ah. Dottore.
Hey. So. you're back again.
but this time
you did not dodge the bullet.
[laughs]
[Kala chuckles]
[chuckles]
So. have you talked with Rajan.
you know. about the future?
No.
Do you think it will work out?
I don't know.
[laughs]
Are you kidding me?
[Capheus laughing]
Oh!
So the hearing went well?
Yeah. the court exonerated her
of all charges.
That's great.
We would've been back sooner.
but she wanted
to introduce her family to me.
Shit. That's serious. How'd that go?
[laughs]
Pretty good.
Well. Look at you.
Oh. my God. Leave it to Michael...
Mom. I am warning you.
Leave it to Nomi to turn what should be
a simple civil service into a spectacle.
I think it's awesome!
It's crazy I know. but that woman
over there is a special minister
in the French government
and she made all of this happen.
[laughs]
Oh. come. come. come.
This is her.
The spirit of Jean-Claude.
[all laugh]
Spirit of Jean-Claude.
Hi.
[Riley] Dad.
Sven.
This is Will.
Hi.
- Come here. man.
- [Will] Okay.
[Gunnar] I'm blessed.
I know what you did for my daughter.
I'll never be able to thank you enough.
Sir. the day I met your daughter...
was the best day of my life.
You must be Janet.
I am.
I'm... I'm Grace. I'm Amanita's mother.
[together] And we're her dads.
I'm Tom.
We all just love Nomi so much.
What an extraordinary woman.
You must be very proud of her.
We are.
We were just talking
about when they first met.
Such a great story.
I don't think we know it.
Well. Amanita used
to go through girlfriends
the way people binge TV shows.
When Nomi went to City Lights...
She was looking for this obscure book...
And when she found Amanita...
When she was shelving returns.
And the book that Nomi was looking for
was right there in Amanita's hand.
Which is just about the best description
of love we've ever heard.
[Beethoven's "Piano Concerto No. 5"
playing]
[whispers] That's normal. honey.
Okay.
Thank you.
You are so beautiful.
Thanks. Bug.
No. thank you for being my family.
Thank you for being mine.
You look amazing.
So do you.
Thank you.
The improbable unfolding of recent events
have led me to consider
that no one thing is one thing only.
How people endow what is familiar
with new. ever-evolving meaning
and by doing so. release us
from the expected. the familiar
into something unforeseeable.
It is in this unfamiliar realm.
we find new possibilities.
It is in the unknown. we find hope.
Here we stand in the Eiffel Tower.
which was conceived in gratitude
for the French Revolution.
It has been a zeppelin lookout.
a transmitter tower.
and. for generations of Parisians.
an aspiration
for a better. a brighter future.
Similarly plural in meaning is a wedding.
A wedding is a celebration
which can also be understood
as a union of two families...
and in this case. this union
takes on an even deeper significance.
And for me. this wedding is proof.
Proof that for all the differences
between us
and all the forces
that try to divide us...
they will never exceed
the power of love to unite us.
Oh. God.
My love...
We live in a world
that distrusts feelings.
Over and over.
we are reminded that feelings
are not as important as reason.
That feelings are childish.
irresponsible. dangerous.
We are taught to ignore them.
control. or deny them.
We barely understand what they are.
where they come from.
or how they seem to understand us
better than we understand ourselves.
But I know that feelings matter.
Sometimes. they're little...
like when I smell cinnamon toast
and I miss my grandma.
And sometimes. they are huge...
like when I found out
my girlfriend shares her thoughts
with seven other people around the world.
However. if you're lucky...
I mean. really lucky...
a feeling comes along
that will change everything.
I remember such a feeling
and how it walloped me years ago
when this girl walked into my bookstore.
[chuckles]
It is the same feeling
that I have right now.
The feeling that this is her.
My love.
My wife.
This is my future.
And I trust this feeling more
than I have trusted anything in my life.
Thank you.
Amanita...
I wrote this thing like a hundred times
and I tore them all up
because I have to admit.
I don't like vows.
I'm afraid of things
pretending to be permanent
because nothing is permanent.
My life. especially these past two years.
is a testament
to the fact that things change.
people change.
But with you...
that doesn't scare me.
It actually makes me happy.
It makes me excited...
because I can think of no better life
than watching Amanita Caplan change...
watching her evolve and grow.
I want to see everything that you become.
I want to know
what your hair looks like
in a year and decades from now.
I may not be
a tragically detached French girl.
but I want to live
in an attic apartment in Paris
and bring you tea as you write your novel.
And when we're both wrinkled old ladies.
with cellulite covering my ass.
bunions all over your feet.
both of us hogging the blankets...
I know I will still remember this moment.
I will still be wearing this ring.
Because inside your arms
is the only place
I've ever felt like I was home.
[sniffles]
[Nomi laughs]
Well. then. by the power invested in me.
I pronounce you wife and wife.
[both laugh]
[all applaud]
A gift from Paris and the new BPO
in honor of the accord
and this celebration.
[both] Thank you.
[instrumental music playing]
["Nothing Matters When We're Dancing"
playing]
♪ Dance with me. my old friend ♪
♪ Once before we go ♪
♪ Let's pretend this song won't end ♪
♪ And we never have to go home ♪
♪ And we'll dance among the chandeliers ♪
♪ And nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ In tat or tatters. you're entrancing ♪
♪ Be we in Paris or in Lansing ♪
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing... ♪
[in French] I always cry at weddings.
Me too.
[rhythm changes to dance beat]
♪ And nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing... ♪
Try one.
[both] You'll never be the same again.
♪ And we'll dance among the chandeliers ♪
♪ And nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ Be we in Paris or in Lansing... ♪
Have you talked to either of them?
No.
Do you know what you want?
♪ And nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ And we'll dance among the chandeliers ♪
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ And we'll dance
among the chandeliers... ♪
[Janet] Nomi!
Nomi!
I don't know what I was thinking.
Nomi...
It's a beautiful name.
[Janet laughs]
Lawrence. why didn't we
come to Paris until now?
[speaks French] I don't know. love.
I don't know.
What just happened?
I don't know. [chuckles]
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ And we'll dance among the chandeliers ♪
♪ And nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ Nothing matters when we're dancing ♪
♪ And we'll dance among the chandeliers ♪
♪ Dance with me ♪
♪ Dance with me. my sweet love ♪
As a wedding present.
we want to send you wherever
you wish to go for your honeymoon.
[Kala] We insist.
That is so sweet.
But...
There's only one place that we want to go.
["Experience" playing]
My God.
I didn't think such things were possible.
[Kala] Shh.
Synced & corrected by kinglouisxx
www.addic7ed.com
["Rather Be" playing]
[vocalizing]
♪ We're a thousand miles from comfort ♪
♪ We have traveled land and sea ♪
♪ But as long as you are with me ♪
♪ There's no place I'd rather be ♪
♪ I would wait forever ♪
♪ Exalted in the scene ♪
♪ As long as I am with you ♪
♪ My heart continues to beat ♪
♪ With every step we take ♪
♪ Kyoto to the Bay ♪
♪ Strolling so casually ♪
♪ We're different and the same
gave you another name ♪
♪ Switch up the batteries ♪
♪ If you gave me a chance
I would take it ♪
♪ It's a shot in the dark
but I'll make it ♪
♪ Know with all of your heart
you can't shame me ♪
♪ When I am with you
there's no place I'd rather be ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ No place I'd rather be ♪
♪ We staked out on a mission ♪
♪ To find our inner peace ♪
♪ Make it everlasting ♪
♪ So nothing's incomplete ♪
♪ It's easy being with you ♪
♪ Sacred simplicity ♪
♪ As long as we're together ♪
♪ There's no place I'd rather be ♪
♪ With every step we take
Kyoto to the Bay ♪
♪ Strolling so casually ♪
♪ We're different and the same ♪
♪ Gave you another name ♪
♪ Switch up the batteries ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ If you gave me a chance
I would take it ♪
♪ It's a shot in the dark
but I'll make it ♪
♪ Know with all of your heart
you can't shame me ♪
♪ When I am with you
there's no place I'd rather be ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ No place I'd rather be ♪
♪ When I am with you
there's no place I'd rather be ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Be ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Be. be. be. be. be ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ If you gave me a chance
I would take it ♪
♪ It's a shot in the dark
but I'll make it ♪
♪ Know with all of your heart
you can't shame me ♪
♪ When I am with you
there's no place I'd rather be ♪
♪ No. no. no. no. no ♪
♪ No place I'd rather be ♪
♪ When I am with you
there's no place I'd rather be ♪
[theme song playing]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-